<<<<<<< HEAD
# Quick Start about Personalized LLM Agent 

Welcome to Ianvs! Ianvs aims to test the performance of distributed synergy AI solutions following recognized standards, in order to facilitate more efficient and effective development. Quick start helps you to test your algorithm on Ianvs with a simple example of industrial defect detection. You can reduce manual procedures to just a few steps so that you can build and start your distributed synergy AI solution development within minutes.

Before using Ianvs, you might want to have the device ready:

- One machine is all you need, i.e., a laptop or a virtual machine is sufficient and a cluster is not necessary
- 2 CPUs or more
- 4GB+ free memory depends on the algorithm and simulation setting
- 10GB+ free disk space
- Internet connection for GitHub and pip, etc
- Python 3.6+ installed

In this example, we are using the Linux platform with Python 3.7.1. If you are using Windows, most steps should still apply but a few like commands and package requirements might be different.

The proposal for this demo: [Personalized LLM Agent based on KubeEdge-Ianvs Cloud-Edge Collaboration](https://github.com/Frank-lilinjie/ianvs/blob/main/docs/proposals/algorithms/single-task-learning/Personalized%20LLM%20Agent%20based%20on%20KubeEdge-Ianvs%20Cloud-Edge%20Collaboration.md)

## Step 1. Ianvs Preparation

First, we download the code of Ianvs. Assuming that we are using `/ianvs` as workspace, Ianvs can be cloned with `Git` as:

```shell
mkdir /ianvs
cd /ianvs #One might use another path preferred

mkdir project
cd project
git clone https://github.com/kubeedge/ianvs.git   
```

Then, we install third-party dependencies for ianvs.

**Attention**: The project requires updating the sedna.zip in the file to sednaJsonForAgent.zip.

```shell
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install libgl1-mesa-glx -y
python -m pip install --upgrade pip

cd ianvs 
python -m pip install ./examples/resources/third_party/*
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

We are now ready to install Ianvs.

```shell
python setup.py install 
```

## Step 2. Dataset and Model Preparation

In this case, we have provided datasets for three different scenarios: human pose detection, environmental sound classification, and facial recognition. These datasets are generated by GPT-4. They adhere to the standard Agent data structure, featuring two distinct roles: User and Assistant. Their content corresponds to the prompt and label, respectively. You can customize your dataset in a similar format.

- Place the dataset at the following path: `./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/dataset/`

- Place the configuration file at the following path: `./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/config/`

- Place the pre-trained model at the following path: `./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/pretrains/`

- Place the evaluate at the following path: `./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/evaluate/`. The source code can be obtained from [Evaluate](https://github.com/huggingface/evaluate)

The pretrain model used in the current case originates from [bloom-1b4-zh](https://huggingface.co/Langboat/bloom-1b4-zh)

The file path for the project is as follows:

```
-ianvs
	|-....
	|-examples
		|-...
		|-LLM-Agent-Benchmark
			|-config
			|-dataset
			|-evaluate
			|-pretrains
			|-singletask_learning_bench
				|-testalgorithms
					|-basemodel.py
					|-test_algorithm.yaml
       	|-testenv
       		|-rouge.py
       		|-testenv.yaml
       	|-benchmarkingjob.yaml
       	|-README.md
```



## Step 3. Ianvs Execution and Presentation

We are now ready to run the ianvs for benchmarking.

```shell
cd /ianvs/project

ianvs -f ./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/singletask_learning_bench/benchmarkingjob.yaml
```

Finally, the user can check the result of benchmarking on the console and also in the output path( e.g. `/ianvs/lifelong_learning_bench/workspace`) defined in the benchmarking config file ( e.g. `benchmarkingjob.yaml`). In this quick start, we have done all configurations for you and the interested readers can refer to [benchmarkingJob.yaml](https://ianvs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/how-to-test-algorithms.html#step-1-test-environment-preparation) for more details.

| rank | algorithm | rouge1   | rouge2   | rougeL   | paradigm           | basemodel | basemodel-config                                  | basemodel-train_config                                  | time                | url                                                          |
| ---- | --------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1    | LLM_agent | 0.401155 | 0.310173 | 0.401876 | singletasklearning | LLM_agent | ./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/config/config.json | ./examples/LLM-Agent-Benchmark/config/train_config.json | 2024-09-24 15:08:17 | ./workspace/benchmarkingjob/LLM_agent/adb8baf8-7a43-11ef-960e-b07b25dd6922 |

This ends the quick start experiment.

# What is next

If any problems happen, the user can refer to [the issue page on Github](https://github.com/kubeedge/ianvs/issues) for help and are also welcome to raise any new issue.

Enjoy your journey on Ianvs!



=======
version https://git-lfs.github.com/spec/v1
oid sha256:ceb34f7475730eae33f0e2538a29955d63e63804a2b8b628f1d2cdfe3628ff6e
size 5304
>>>>>>> 9676c3e (ya toh aar ya toh par)
